Uncle, we have been together for so long
I've never noticed such a dark side to you
I just had bad luck.
If there is no problem
Sign it.
What are you going to do with me?
It depends on the above decision. Can I still be a lawyer?
I don't know what to say.
I've been implicated
If I hadn't reported to the leader thousands of times today
I can't lose this game
But don't get me wrong.
I'm not leading the inquiry to go through the back door with you
I just have a little hope for you
But you let me down so much.
I have something else to say.
Let's talk about it.
These ideas
It's all from Ma Weiyang
If the leader has anything he wants to ask, just ask.
Do you know about the treatment?
What are some things that you actively say and passively say?
The result is different.
I know that you admit that the idea was yours
I'm not so straightforward.
Lao Qian and I have been colleagues for many years
He tells me everything
I can't close my ears and not listen
You're very smart.
We really have no way to verify whether this has anything to do with you.
But as one of the leaders of the law firm
Failure to report is the problem
What do you think?
I am indeed responsible for this.